docs: add encryption infos for self-hosting (#10557)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

- `openssl genrsa -out rsa_priv.pem 4096` for generating the private key
- `openssl rsa -pubout -in rsa_priv.pem -out rsa_pub.pem` for extracting the public key

> To encrypt a secret using openssl use following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To encrypt a secret with OpenSSL use the following command:
```

- `echo 'your-secret' | openssl rsautl -encrypt -pubin -inkey rsa_pub.pem | base64`, replacing `your-secret` with your actual secret

> 

Reviewer: ```bash
echo 'your-secret' | openssl rsautl -encrypt -pubin -inkey rsa_pub.pem | base64
```

Replace `your-secret` with your actual secret.

---

Please make it look like the section above.
I don't know how to suggest this in a way that GitHub will accept unfortunately.

Author: Thanks, added it. 
> Please make it look like the section above.
Or do you mean I should add it just as a bullet point to the two commands above?

Reviewer: Thank you, but I wasn't clear enough on the change I wanted you to make... 😉 

Please put the code in a code block, like this:

```bash
echo 'your-secret' | openssl rsautl -encrypt -pubin -inkey rsa_pub.pem | base64
```

To do this: 

1. Remove bullet point `-` character.
2. Wrap your code into a code block (3 backticks, code, 3 backticks).
3. Put the comment about what to replace below the codeblock.

https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks

Author: Got you now, thanks for the clarification. 
Incorporated it now 👍

Reviewer: We got there in the end! 😄 🎉 ✨
